[FM v0.3.0]add docs for setting up webhook (#134)
streamnative/function-mesh-website: docs/install-function-mesh.md

helm delete function-mesh -n ${NAMESPACE}
```

You also **need** to remove the Secrets that contains the signed certificate.

> > Not cleaning up this Secrets will cause future installations in this environment to behave abnormally.

Reviewer: I refined this part as below: 
```suggestion
> If the Secrets are not cleaned up, future installations in this environment might behave abnormally. For details about how to automatically clean up the corresponding Secrets when you delete a certificate, see [Cleaning up Secrets when Certificates are deleted](https://cert-manager.io/docs/usage/certificate/#cleaning-up-secrets-when-certificates-are-deleted).
```

>

> > Secrets containing signed certificates will be named with the fixed name `function-mesh-admission-webhook-server-cert`, which is controlled by the [Certificate CRD](https://cert-manager.io/docs/concepts/certificate/). 

Reviewer: I move this sentence to above

>

> > If you want to automatically clean up the corresponding Secrets when you delete a Certificate, please see this: [Cleaning up Secrets when Certificates are deleted](https://cert-manager.io/docs/usage/certificate/#cleaning-up-secrets-when-certificates-are-deleted).

Reviewer: I combined this sentence with others in the Note.
